Fix typo (#64)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/mutation.md

Sometimes, you want to update a part of your data based on the current data.

> With `mutate`, you can pass an async function which will receive the current cached value, if any, and lets you return an updated document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `mutate`, you can pass an async function which will receive the current cached value, if any, and returns an updated document.
```
